The Joe Rogan experience.
So what year was your incident and your, you have a very,
very famous incident. That's, corrob corroborated by actual evidence,
which is one of the rare ones. What year was it? And where did it take place?
So it was 2004, November 14th. Uh,
the it's really, if you draw San Diego to Ensonata Mexico,
we're about 60 miles off the coast in between the two we're doing workups.
So when we get ready to deploy, this was for the 2005 deployment.
We were going at sea for November and December of 2004. So we'd been out,
I had just taken over the squadron mid-October so I'd been the CEO for a month.
So we go out to, and we're putting the battlegroup pieces together.
So it's not just the, the Airwing, but we're, you know, we're,
we're on the carrier. We've got the cruiser,
we've got all support ships out there,
and we're going to integrate all the defenses and train as one unit.
So the exercise that we're going to do is an air defense exercise where there's
good guys, bad guys are all from internal, from the air wing.
So the bad guys today are going to be the Marines, uh, VMA 2 32, the red devils.
So they're going to launch,
they're going to go about a hundred miles south of the ship,
and we're the good guys. And it's we call it a two V two.
So it's two of us against two of them.
And we're going to work with the USS Princeton,
which is going to be the controller,
and they're going to control the blue forces.
And then the red guys are going to give us a presentation that, you know,
they're going to try and intercept so we can stop them from getting up towards
the carrier. So that's kind of the training set that we're all good.
So the Marines take off first and they start heading to the south.
Now we have no idea that for two weeks, this, the two weeks we've been at sea,
they've been tracking these things coming out of the sky.
And when I talked to the prince controller,
he's like up to about a dozen of them.
They would come down from above 80,000 feet.
They dropped down to about 20,000 feet.
They'd hang out and then they'd go straight,
back up after about three or four hours. Now,
when you say they been tracking them, who specifically, this is the USS,
the Princeton is tracking them.
They saw them on the Nimitz radar and the [inaudible] could see them. Um,
so cause they're out there, you know, that radar's on all the time in the spy.
One system on an Aegis cruiser is, you know, the state, I was probably the most,
one of the most sophisticated systems at all.
So typically when something like this happens and there is some unexplained
phenomenon, what do they do?
Uh, in this case, you know, if it was, if we were in a threat environment,
they would tell us, but we were off the coast of San Diego,
it's it doesn't come to the air wing.
So we have no idea that these things are out there at all.
So they observe these things and they never bothered telling any you guys that's
correct. So they just knew that these things had been visiting this area,
but they just allowed this training exercise to take place. Anyway. Yeah.
I was talking to him the previous for the two weeks they would show up,
but it was when we weren't flying. So the typical carrier schedule is, you know,
for us, it was about noon to midnight. It's a 12 hour day.
There's reasons for that. You can go a lot longer. They can, but for training,
we just do the 12 hour day thing and it's cyclic op.
So you got guys taking off and landing periodically.
So we were on one of the first goes, you know, it's, you know, noon,
one o'clock somewhere around and we take off the Marines take off first.
And my buddy cheeks, who's a CEO of the Marine squadron was one.
He was leading the red air they had, when he launched off the carrier, first,
they called him up and said, Hey, what do you got on board? Well, the,
the small,
the original legacy F eighteens don't have as much gas as the super Hornet.
Suporn's about 30% bigger.
So they start talking to them about fuel and based on how long we're going to be
airborne and everything else, they go, Hey,
why don't you just go ahead and proceed here, your cap point.
Cause we had just taken off and that's when the controller had come up and said,
Hey, I forget our cost since pride like dealers, usually what we went.
So that'd be like dealer one, one, uh, this is a prince and control.
What are you gonna, you know, say your load out. I kind of chuckled. He said,
I said, well, I got a cat M nine, which is, uh, it's uh, basically a,
just a blue metal tube with a seeker head for an a nine iron missile.
It's a training. It doesn't come off the airplane.
You can beat it with a sledgehammer.
That's the only way you're gonna get it off.
Or you gotta unlock the lugs with a key. So I'm like kinda chuckling. He goes,
well, Hey, we're going to cancel the training. So we're like, okay. He says,
we got real-world vector and they're going to send us out to the west.
So picture, if it's a, you know, if you got a clock,
the Nimitz is in the middle. Uh, we're a little bit south of that,
about 40 miles south.
And then the Marines are about a hundred miles south of the ship,
about 60 miles between the two of us.
So as this has all happened in my wingman is joining up and right,
and these are 18. So there's two people in each jet. So it's me and my Wizo,
which is weapons systems operator.
And I've got the other pilot and the weapon systems operator now, other jet.
So they tell us all this, Hey, we're going to real-world vector.
And they'd send us out to 700, about 60 miles away from where we're going.
So now we're going out even further out to sea.
We have no idea what we're in Herceptin.
And this is when the controller starts talking to us. He says, Hey, sir,
we've seen these objects. They've been for two weeks.
They've been coming down and he's given us the whole story. He says,
we need you to go investigate. We want to know what these are.
But they're asking you to investigate in a jet. That's unarmed.
That's correct. Okay. Yeah, we have no, and there's reasons for that,
that we don't fly.
We typically don't fly with live ordinance unless we're actually going into like
a combat zone or run a training range and we're going to shoot something.
And the reason is you can go through history of the Navy or air force.
If you put live missiles on airplanes,
and then you start doing training where you're squeezing the trigger.
Someone always messes. The switch algae up in, someone gets shot down.
It's happened multiple times. So we don't do it. You know,
there's times that we do, but it's rare. So we start flying out to the west.
Now I want you to think, cause the other pilot has a, you know,
when you talk to it's good, it's out there. It was a female.
When you talk to her, it's a,
she here's the kind of goes through the mindset of, Hey,
we're off the coast of Mexico. Real-world vector.
We have no idea what we're going to look at.
Probably drug runner because you get the drug runners coming up the coast.
So we're like, okay. So we drive out in the they're calling down ranges.
So they're telling us, Hey, it's 2 7, 0 at 30 miles at 20,000 feet. And it's,
you know,
and then you just count down the range and we're talking back and forth the
whole time. So they got to a point where they say, Hey, merge plot,
which means radars have resolution cells, you know,
range and as myth of what the radar can actually see,
once you're inside that box,
you can't tell the difference between me and the object I'm going at.
We're just become one big blob. So they call a merge plot.
And so the other jet is on my left-hand side. Um, and we're going to,
and I'm going to go to a clock code to make it simple.
So the object we're gonna end up looking for is right in the middle of the
clock.
And we are at the six o'clock position and my wingman is off to my left side.
So it's, she's further down with her wisdom. So as we're looking around, we,
we look to the right and there's a, it was yesterday.
It was a perfect example out here. The water is perfectly calm, no white caps.
I mean, it's literally a perfect San Diego, California day.
And we see whitewater something like if you see a sea Mount, you know,
rock underwater,
when you're standing on the shore and the waves are breaking over it.
And you're like, what is that?
It's usually because there's a rock under the water. So it looks like that.
But it's about the size of a 7 37.
It actually kind of has a shape of like a cross and it's pointing to the east.
So you've got the long part going east west.
And you've got a couple of things going north and south.
So as we're looking at it, cause that kind of draws our eyes. We're like, oh,
that's kinda odd.
We looked down and the window and the other airplane comes up and says,
Hey skipper, do you. And that's about what he gets out of his mouth.
And I'm kind of looking at the same thing I go, dude, do you see that?
What is that thing? And what we see is this white tic TAC looking object,
just above the surface of the water pointing north south. And it's going north,
south, east, west, it's just radically moving forward, back left right at will.
And it's moving around the disturbance, the whitewater that we see.
How big is this thing.
Over time? It's about 40 feet long. And the way I estimate that is, I mean,
I've got a lot of time fighting other airplanes.
So it's about that size of a Hornet fuselage. So that's what I say, 40 feet.
This thing's just going left. So the first thing you see when you look down,
you go, and this is where our eyes, it's not sensors. Right?
So we're looking down at this thing.
And first thing I think is helicopter right there at th they helicopters
typically stay below 200 feet when we're out there and they're just driving
around. We're pretty far away from the ship for a helicopter for one of ours.
So what is it? So the first thing you look for is rotor wash. You know,
if you've watched any TV show that starts kicking the water up and you can see
that it's really easy to see from the air. So we're like, huh, no rotor wash.
Matter of fact, don't see any rotors. Don't see any tail rotor, don't see any,
you know, the main rotors are like, it's kind of weird.
So as we're driving around,
we're looking at this thing we get to about the nine o'clock position.
How far away are you from this thing?
I'm at 20,000 feet and it's right down on the surface of the right off our right
side. So I'm probably maybe a couple miles, lateral and 20,000 feet.
And we're just watching it move around. And.
So it's very small in your eyes. Um, not.
Overly small.
I mean an airplane down that low it's 40 feet and you could see pretty well,
it was pretty clear. So I'm like, okay. So I said, I'm gonna go check it out.
That's what we're trained to do. The other pilot says, Hey,
I'm gonna stay up here. And I'm like, that's perfect.
So now can we get some separation? We'll get it from different views.
And the other airplane we'll have kind of a God's eye view,
everything that's going on as I go down and check this thing out.
So I start driving around and it's still doing its Ford back left, right?
It's still pointing north south. We get to about the 12 o'clock position.
I'm just in a nice, easy dissent, a reason. Cause I'm going to ask,
can you go more aggressive? You can. But when you're out over water,
the water looks the same at 20,000 feet. Is it does it 2000 feet. You don't,
you know,
so you can easily put yourself in a nonrecoverable position if you're not paying
attention and you go into the water. So I got this nice, easy to send.
I get to about 12 o'clock. And as I'm coming down, you know, I,
I could guess probably about, you know, 18,000 feet now,
a couple thousand feet below the other airplane,
the tic-tac just kind of rapidly goes and turns. So now it's kind of point east,
west and out Mears us. So it's above the surface, we're up high,
we're coming down and it starts coming up like, well,
this is getting interesting. So we kind of drive all the way around the circle.
I'm descending, it's coming up.
And I get over to about the eight o'clock position to the nine o'clock and it's
over at about the two o'clock position. Well, the quickest way, as we know,
as kids to get someone, you know, you can keep going around the circle,
nothing's going to happen. And you cut across the circle. Some about, I dunno,
probably two to 3000 feet above it.
And I just kinda dropped my nose aggressively and I cut across the circle and
it's coming this way. It's because I'm trying to fly to where it's going to be.
Cause I want to join on it. I want to see how close I can get to it. Right.
And as I'm pulling up,
it's kind of starting to cross my nose and it starts to accelerate.
And within about less than a second as I start to pull nose onto it and it
crosses right in front of me, it just goes, and it's gone.
So I called the other airplane. I said, Hey, you guys, you guys see that thing.
And they're like, sir, it's gone. We don't, we don't see it at all. So I'm like,
okay, that's kinda weird. So we, we don't see it. We're looking at same time.
I say, Hey, let's turn around and let's go back to see what was in the water.
You know, there's was there something there?
So he turned around we're right there. We haven't gone anywhere. It's gone.
Water's perfectly, there's no whitewater, nothing. It's just blue or like, okay.
So we turned back around now we're heading back out towards the east.
And I tell the controller. I said, well, I said, uh, you know,
I first said that I'm kind of weirded out. And I told my, my backseat or that.
And we start heading back and the, the controller on the Princeton,
he comes at me. He says, sir, you're not going to believe this.
But that thing is back at your cat point.
That was our original point where we were going to hold 40 miles south of the
ship.
So this thing has went from wherever we were at to about 60
miles in, you know, maybe 30, 40 seconds. It's already over there.
And it just, and they didn't track it. It just appeared.
He just shows back up on their radar and they go, it's here. So we're like,
okay, so we fly back. We don't see it. We don't see it on our radar.
We don't see it on any of our sensors.
We do like two runs and we come back to the ship and land.
So as we're in our it's,
we call it the PR shop we're taking off our flight gear.
One of my crews is getting ready to go out.
And I think they were going to be on a tanker mission, but they had, uh, uh,
targeting pod on board.
So they launch off and we're telling them about this before. And I, and, uh,
the backseater, uh, Chad says, he's really determined.
He's going to find this thing. So he tells a pile, Hey,
we're going to find this thing.
So there's out driving around and in the back seat of a super Hornet, uh,
there's no stick,
but there's sites that controllers and there to control the sensors.
Cause that's what the weapon systems guys do.
And they can change displays really fast by just hitting a button.
And we'll flip from the radar to the targeting pod.
And the way the system actually works is when you see something on the radar and
you designated as your primary target,
all the other sensors will look at that point. So it's,
everything is kind of sync together.
So he picks up a hit on his radar and he goes to lock it up.
Cause I've watched all the tapes.
He goes to lock it up and immediately the radar can tell it gets signals back,
that it's being jammed. So in technically jamming is an act of war.
It starts jamming. The radar goes into a jam extrapolate.
A bunch of stuff happens on the scope. Well, he's smart enough to castle,
to his targeting pod and he takes a passive track.
And that's the video that you see of the tic-tac,
where it's just sitting in the middle of screen, real quiet. Um,
so he does that and he, and he goes through, if you watch the video,
if we had it, I'd go through it with you.
But they go through all the different modes. So he goes,
it's an IRR and an EO is TV. It's black and white TV camera.
We do, we can get the video right online. Let's get the video. Jamie,
where would you? Uh, can't show it to anybody. We can't,
we can't show it on YouTube, but you can see it.
And people will be able to go to it. You know what we'll do go to the video.
And we'll tell people when we're starting and we'll tell people what the title
of the video that you get to is, and they can sync it up themselves.
If they're watching it.
It's publicly out, sir. Yeah. It's, it's publicly owned. It's you know,
American government released it.
So it is actually something in the public domain.
So you think we could play it on YouTube and not get pulled? Yeah,
a hundred percent think so. Jamie is a government.
That those things I would say, yes, we should be able to,
but sometimes those things get messy. So let's take a chance.
Let's take a chance with this.
I know if you go, if you're on a New York times article, there's a link to it.
Had it gotten released would.
YouTube is courageously with copyright stuff.
And we we've always been like two steps away from getting pulled off of YouTube
completely. It's a real disaster.
It's I understand from their perspective,
there's a lot of legal issues they have to deal with, but I have it.
On a private server. I could maybe send.
Jamie issue. I believe though, is the actual copyright of the video itself. Oh,
that's just,
it's a Pentagon released public domain and the Pentagon is going to come after
us. I don't think so. So either.
You find it,
I want to find a good version of the video that doesn't have somebody Jeremy's.
Unwatermarked version. Let me just look it up and Jeremy will get it to us.
I have to figure out how to send it to you right here with give me a second.
But do you have airdrop or could you airdrop.
It on? Have it pay? I got it on a page. A private page. I can send Jamie.
Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do you have Jamie's uh, info? Uh, no.
Okay. I'll figure it out. You can send it to me and I'll send it to him. Okay.
That's pretty easy. Um, sorry to disrupt the momentum. No.
Um, but uh, I think it's probably important to be able to have this, uh,
the video itself. So you could just talk about it and, um,
we're about to yank it up here. Okay. Jamie wrote it down for you. There you go.
Just give me a second to get it up. Okay. And for people that don't know,
Jeremy, uh, also produced, uh,
Bob Lasar area 51 in flying saucers.
And he was in here when we had Bob Lazara and talk about Bob's experience
and Jesus,
if that wasn't a game changer for me and for a lot of other people,
this is a subject that it's so easy to mock you know,
this is why I think it's so important that we talk to people like you.
Because like I said, just your average every day, UFO,
crackpot, they believe everything in anything. Have you, did you,
had you ever had any UFO experiences before this?
No. Th the irony and I, I tell this story,
my mother-in-law she'll be listening. She, she, literally,
every time I would go home, she would ask me, Hey, do you see UFO GCF?
And I'd be like, no, I, when I first started dating my wife, she was a big,
like national Enquirer. She had all the, the, the, you know,
supermarket tabloids. And I would always just feed her crap for it.
So this happens in, you know, and, um, I never say a word.
So my friends all knew it was a great story over beers. Cause they'd go, Hey,
what's the coolest thing you ever saw flying. I go,
I chased a UFO and they go out here I go. No seriously.
And I tell them the story and they're like, dude, I go, yeah.
So I go home and, and, uh,
I had got asked by Lou Elizondo to do the New York times article,
which as like anything else, I always say no.
Like it took a bunch of times to get me on your show. Jeremy kept asking,
asking, asking, and it was, thank you, Jeremy. He was like,
you gotta think my contractor's wife angel, who we were at a party drinking.
And she goes, you gotta do Rogan. I go, what? She goes,
it's the biggest podcast on the planet. She goes, you gotta do it. And I go,
all right, I'm going to do it just for you. I'm going to do this show.
So shout out to angel. Yeah. From New Hampshire. So, um,
so my mother-in-law we're sitting there and I know the New York times articles
is going to come out. And so, um,
was it Thanksgiving in 20 when the article come out 17?
So it was Thanksgiving of 2017 and everyone had kind of left the house.
So it's just my wife and my in-laws a couple of us sitting in the kitchen and I
said, Hey, I got to tell you guys this. They said what? I said,
there's going to be, this article comes out in the New York times and I'm in it.
And they're like, yeah, I go, well, I chased a UFO. My mother-in-law's like, ha.
She looks at my father-in-law.
He's rolling his eyes looking at me like, are you serious? And I go, yeah.
And then she's like, you never told us. I go, I never really told anyone.
I mean, my wife and kids knew the event happened,
but they didn't have all the details.
Cause it's just one of those things we just didn't. I just didn't get into it.
Is it.
Classified? No, it wasn't at any point. No, there's a lot of rumors.
Out there that, uh, it was classified and the ship got locked down. No,
it wasn't. It was, we were never men in suits did not show up.
Um, no one told us not to talk about it.
And this is because there's a lot of other people saying other things.
And I said this, look at it. Here's the context. So in the battle group,
you've got the Admiral, you got the captain of the ship,
the captain of the Princeton. And then you've got the other CEOs.
So in position-wise I'm probably as a CEO of a squadron in the top 20
out of 6,000 and no one came to talk to me.
No one came to take my tapes. No one showed up in a suit.
No one told me not to talk.
No one talked to any of my air crew that were involved in this. All,
there were six people total involved.
The two that shot the video on the four of us that looked at it for five minutes
with our eyes. No one, nothing. It just, uh,
and I can get into how, uh, the, you know, there's a report that, uh,
that George Knapp got released. It's a,
I call it the unofficial official report. Um,
and I had met someone and I'm like, Hey, can you find anything out?
I had this incident. I know. Normally when you tell people this,
they look at you like, dude, what are you smoking? And I'm like, no, no,
I'm good. I'm tested. And they go and,
and they said, well, let me, let me see what I can do. And I had got a call. Um,
I was working,
I was doing some aerospace work and I had gotten a call my cell phone from a
guy. And he said, Hey,
I want to investigate your incident. And I go, okay.
So he did, he investigated the incident and it was very, very thorough. I mean,
if you've read that it's about 10 pages long, then he, I mean,
he tracked down everybody.
He tracked down all the people that were the air crew that were involved.
He talked to track down the Admiral. He talked to you. I mean, he,
it was a pretty thorough report and I didn't think anything of it, you know,
because you know, you know, the people are worded it's out there,
so they want to do foil, but it was never released in a foil request.
I actually had the Navy call me, I'd been out of the Navy for like six years.
And.
I said, explain to people that means freedom of information insurance.
So I got called, uh,
by a public affairs person from the Navy and said, Hey,
is this commander Fravor? And I said, yeah. And they said, Hey,
do you know of any documentation on your UFO incident off the
Nimitz? And I said official. And she said, yeah. I said, no.
Cause I knew the report existed.
But to me it was an unofficial cause I didn't know where it went. I,
and I had a copy of it, but because it wasn't official.
Well then years later I find out that the guy who actually did the report was
part of the ATP team. And I was talking to Lou Elizondo who runs that program.
And Lou showed me the documentation of the original.
I think it's like 13 people that were part of a tip and they were fully exempt.
And I'm like, well, that's kind of, well, Hey, I know that guy.
He's the guy that did the report, which is why it never, ever came out until,
uh, George got his hands, has something.
Freedom of information, act exempt.
Um, obviously DOD has the ability because I I'm, uh,
I'm not a conspiracy theory person at all. I mean, I'll just tell you that,
you know,
and I think there's reasons that the government doesn't tell the public
everything. Um, and I don't speak for the government,
but I think there's a good reason for that,
that not everything needs to go out to the public, but most of it does.
And they just, what they do is they put a clause on, Hey,
for this program or whatever we're doing, which would have been an ATEC program.
The work that they do and what they find is not,
it's not releasable through freedom information act.
There's probably other avenues to get that, you know, and then you go, well,
what really is freedom information? Cause I got into this on a,
I was talking to someone who was a conspiracy theorist and they said, well,
so-and-so wrote, and they're not getting any information on your event. I said,
so what are they going to do? They're going to call up.
You're going to put in your request for, for freedom information. You go,
here's what I want. It goes to some poor guy at the Pentagon. Who's like,
I have no idea what this is. And he searches around. He doesn't find anything.
He looks at his bud and I gain all for you. I go, Hey Joe,
you got anything on the Nimitz incident and you go, Nope. And I go, okay,
well I didn't find anything. I looked, I did my due diligence,
but I'm not going to spend the next six months of my life doing a research
project for you. And then you get nothing.
And then you assume the government's covering up when the government really
isn't. They just, you know,
the guys doing the research doesn't know where to or access to.
It just makes sense.
Um, Jamie, we have the video. Okay, here we go. Now, explain what, what is,
what are we seeing? Why are we seeing it in this, uh, this particular, okay,
we'll just kind.
Of go around. And so if you look at the, uh, don't, uh,
OPR is operate on the top left corner, NAR is narrow field of view,
which is zoom. Uh, I are at the top middle.
It means it's an infrared mode. So instead of seeing color,
you're seeing temperature variations,
and these things are extremely sensitive to when like tens of degrees,
they will tell you the difference due to color. So it'll go from black to white.
So in this case, white is hot. So if you look down in the bottom left corner,
it says wht, um, that's white. It means white as hot.
So the object that you're looking at is hotter than the sky around it.
But we also notices is there's no plumes knock.
If you're looking at an airplane, when you get closer,
you'll actually see the exhaust coming out and there'll be a,
a really glowing plum.
That's important as we look at the video and in a most of the stuff on here,
you really don't need to know what you can look at is, uh,
the bottom right corner. It says 19,990 and a B that's the altitude.
And uh, if you look up in the little words,
are it says HTG and then B a L T B it's autopilot. So it's on altitude hold.
It's just flying, uh, for that. So you can go ahead and play the video.
And so those two bars next to the white object, that's a, that's a,
that's a passive track.
So what he's done is he's commanded the FLIR to track that.
So what the system does is it uses a, it's actually tracking it contract pixels,
and it's just basically blocked those hot pixels,
those white pixels from the black ones. And then you're gonna see now,
pause it real quick. So I'm at the top. See,
it went to a white screen with a black object.
This is a black and white TV mode. And you've looked at the top, says TV.
So narrow in TV mode is actually, you can get closer than narrow. And I are,
it's literally narrowing. I R is about medium and TV mode.
So there you can get closer with the TV mode.
So you look at it now in this case, you would actually start to see, um,
stuff going on and even in TV mode, because you get exhausted, you know,
the black exhaust that comes out,
you'll usually be able to see of some of that coming out of the back and you
don't see anything. This thing's just sitting there. And if you look at the, uh,
the top where it says three, right?
That's the pod is looking three degrees right in the nose of the airplane,
right? So he's just flying along the bottom numbers. Don't worry.
Those are time. So it's 41 56. So go ahead and hit play.
And what he's doing is he's going, Chad's going through all the different modes.
Cause he's like, oh, I got it.
And he's going to try and see the best video they can get.
Now there's rumors that this video is like 10 minutes long. No,
what you're looking at is the entire video. Now notice where it says 99.9.
So hit pause real quick.
What that means is the why he's got the pod to targeting pod.
Cause that's his primary sensor right now.
The radar is still trying to look at this object and trying to range it.
And the radar can't get ranging on it. So the object is doing something to say,
I'm not giving you back. Cause it's just a Doppler radar.
Just like a police radar is a Doppler.
It's trying to get a ranging on you and it can't do it. So when it says 99.9,
the radar cannot see this object right now. It's not allowing it to.
And I think that's super important, Dave, the way he explained it to me, active,
jamming, compared to passive jamming.
This is a technology that is actively jamming this system.
Rather than something like stealth aircraft,
which is the shape and texture of the yeah.
Because everyone thinks stealth is invisible. It's not, it's, it's just,
it's a technology to, to basically make it harder for radars to see you,
you know, and that's the whole thing. You know, if you look at, uh, you know,
airplanes that are nose on, uh, are harder to see than airplanes at the sides,
kind of like think of a barn door. If you're looking at the whole barn door,
it's really easy to see if I turned the barn door sideways where it's really
thin, it's gonna be a lot harder for you to see it. Got it. So that's it,
that's the easiest most basic way to look at this.
So keep going and you can play again and you can look to the airplane is still
sitting at 20,000 feet, it's doing 250 knots.
He's going to go through different modes and try and lock it. And uh,
it's just kind of sitting in all of a sudden, as the video goes on,
I think it's a minute and a half long. See, it's going to try and require it.
Recenters the pod. So it's, it's slowly drifting to the left. The,
the Hornet is still going on the same heading,
just kind of hanging out and they're just filming this thing.
And then when they get close, it's going to zing off the left hand side.
When you see it on a full, because you know, you think digital,
you'd be able to get a one for one copy. Unlike, you know,
when he'd copy your album to a cassette, you know,
you lose a little quality will you still do in digital world and they're off it
goes to the left. And that's pretty fast to leave that field of you on the,
when we have big monitors that we look at these when they come back.
So we're looking at the original tapes. So say that again, please. Jamie.
So when it's taking off how fat, when,
when it just sort of like leaves the field of view and it takes off to the left,
how fast is that going?
Uh, I would say pretty fast. That's an estimate. If we had ranging, you know,
you could obviously do the triangle and go, Hey,
cause we know how big the field of view is,
but for something to leave the field of view that fast with a pod just staring
is pretty fast. I mean, it, it just it's like out of here,
like nothing that we have now. Cause we can't, I don't care what airplane is.
So let's just use the F 22 Raptor. That's probably one of the,
it's probably the best airplane in the world right now. Performance wise. Um,
it can't take off like that, especially if it's a hover. I mean, you're,
you're talking something,
that's just sitting in space in the wind and then it just,
all of a sudden accelerates airplanes don't work that way and it's not leaving
any exhaust plume. No notice there's none. And when you go back to the, the end,
you've been in the ER, zoomed in and there's no, you would see a plume.
If that was an airplane.
It's creepy how it takes off. Yeah.
With active jamming, it's intelligently controlled. There's no rotors.
There's no plumes. There's no exhaust. There's no tail fin.
There's no tail number.
This thing goes from a standstill takes off.
It's a propulsion system we don't have in our inventory and no other nation
does. That's how it's understood by the government.
Now that that's w w w so if the fastest plane on
earth was trying to do that same maneuver,
this system would be able to track it. Um, yeah, well, yeah,
it would stay with it.
Until it got to the limits of the pod, you know, as far as looking to the left,
but right. And you know, the radar would see it. I mean, we get,
you get close enough. You're going to, you know,
everything becomes visible because you get burned through with radar and how,
how radars actually work. This one is, you know,
eat, you tell me, but this was it performance beyond. I mean,
it's like when we saw it disappear, when it flew in front of my nose, I'm,
I'm talking something I'm within a half mile of it,
looking at it and it gets in front of me and just disappears.
So take we'll just go to something that everyone knows is fast.
Let's just say Sr 71, that's doing mock three, you know,
the visibility's 50 miles. So even at 35 miles a minute,
I'm going to be able to see this thing,
turn into a little.as it goes off into the horizon for probably a minute.
The thing that we saw disappeared in a second, just gone.
And that's from two different angles.
Remember the other airplane's 8,000 feet above me. Cause we,
we get close to it at about 12,000 feet.
So the other airplanes above me looking down and when it disappeared, I said,
do you guys see it? And they said, no, it's gone. It just literally was. Okay.